'You have to take a train~'
‘How… how long does it take?’
HyunJin tried to look nonchalant…
HeeJin & HyunJin are on their way to meet HaSeul
‘What if a handsome British man take this train?’
HeeJin & HyunJin seem so pure…
‘Hello~’
‘I came out from terminal 2 of Heathrow Airport,’
‘but HeeJin & HyunJin was in front of terminal 4~~!’
'The distance between terminal 2 and 4 is so far.'
'They can take a bus or a train, but it will take about 30 minutes!’
‘So we wanted to go and pick them up,’
‘But they already took a train! We should wait a little bit more~’
‘Iceland to London. It’s hard time agian…’
Finally, the three girls of LOOΠΔ meet in London!!
'REUNION!'
(She’s so touched)
‘Where were you!!!’
‘Hey!!!’
‘It was too hard… I’m so tired…’
'Hello, director. It's been a long...'
#NoMakeUp
Let’s group hug!!!
Finally they meet in London!
Please look forward to next episode of LOOΠΔ TV!